At this point, you might be thinking,
I could really use a break from performing
math calculations or there must be a better way.
Well, there is.
You'll briefly be introduced to the notation used to represent
multidimensional measurement and motion constraints.
And then you'll learn about information matrices and information vectors.
These are data structures that will store constraint to information
and simplify the process of solving the linear system of equations.
In a linear system,
adding a constraint is as easy as adding several values to the matrix and vector.
Then, when you've added all the information, you can solve it.
After that, we're going to face the unfortunate truth that
much of what robots experience in the world just isn't linear.
We're going to look at how we can cope with this by once again,
linearizing the nonlinear motion and measurement models using our favorite Jacobian's.
Lastly, it is not always efficient to solve a system of equations analytically.
So we will revisit a numerical technique that you learned
earlier and apply it to graph optimization.